README.md, before:

VocabFinder
===========

VocabFinder compares the text of a book/article/etc. against either a vocabulary list, or a word-frequency list. For a vocabulary list, the output consists of all the words in the vocabulary list that occur in the text, along with their definitions. For a word-frequency list, the output consists of the 100 least commonly used words in the English language that were found in the text.

Using VocabFinder
-----------
1. Make sure you have Python and git installed on your system.
2. Clone this repository:
  ```
  $ git clone https://github.com/dlakata/VocabFinder.git
  ```
3. Find the book/text you wish to read in the form of a .txt file. The examples in the ```books``` folder were found using the Internet Archive (www.archive.org) and Project Gutenberg (www.gutenberg.org/).
4. Find a vocabulary list you'd like to use. Several examples can be found in the ```wordLists``` folder. Vocabulary lists, such as the Barron's and David Foster Wallace word lists, can be found using sites like www.quizlet.com and www.vocabulary.com. Each line should start with a word, followed by a tab, and end with the word's definition. Quizlet and Vocabulary.com can easily export lists in this tab-delimited format.
5. Alternatively, you can use a word-frequency list, such as the ```freq_all``` and ```freq_ANC-all-count.txt``` lists, which come from the British National Corpus (www.kilgarriff.co.uk/bnc-readme.html) and the American National Corpus (www.anc.org/data/anc-second-release/frequency-data/), respectively.
6. Vocabulary lists (not frequency lists) should have "vocab" in their name. Having chosen a text and a vocabulary list, run VocabFinder:
```
$ python getWords.py [path to book/text] [path to word list]
```
Example:
```
$ python getWords.py books/walden.txt wordLists/vocab_dfw.txt
fictile - capable of being molded or modeled (especially of earth or clay or other soft material)
internecine - (of conflict) within a group or organization
invidious - containing or implying a slight or showing prejudice
pellicle - thin protective membrane in some protozoa
pinnate - (of a leaf shape) featherlike; having leaflets on each side of a common axis
poplar - any of numerous trees of north temperate regions having light soft wood and flowers borne in catkins
```

Commit message:

Added context from text for each word

README.md, after:

VocabFinder
===========

VocabFinder compares the text of a book/article/etc. against either a vocabulary list, or a word-frequency list. For a vocabulary list, the output consists of all the words in the vocabulary list that occur in the text, along with their definitions. For a word-frequency list, the output consists of the 100 least commonly used words in the English language that were found in the text.

Using VocabFinder
-----------
1. Make sure you have Python and git installed on your system.
2. Clone this repository:
  ```
  $ git clone https://github.com/dlakata/VocabFinder.git
  ```
3. Find the book/text you wish to read in the form of a .txt file. The examples in the ```books``` folder were found using the Internet Archive (www.archive.org) and Project Gutenberg (www.gutenberg.org/).
4. Find a vocabulary list you'd like to use. Several examples can be found in the ```wordLists``` folder. Vocabulary lists, such as the Barron's and David Foster Wallace word lists, can be found using sites like www.quizlet.com and www.vocabulary.com. Each line should start with a word, followed by a tab, and end with the word's definition. Quizlet and Vocabulary.com can easily export lists in this tab-delimited format.
5. Alternatively, you can use a word-frequency list, such as the ```freq_all``` and ```freq_ANC-all-count.txt``` lists, which come from the British National Corpus (www.kilgarriff.co.uk/bnc-readme.html) and the American National Corpus (www.anc.org/data/anc-second-release/frequency-data/), respectively.
6. Vocabulary lists (not frequency lists) should have "vocab" in their name. Having chosen a text and a vocabulary list, run VocabFinder:
```
$ python getWords.py [path to book/text] [path to word list]
```
Example:
```
$ python getWords.py books/walden.txt wordLists/vocab_dfw.txt
fictile - capable of being molded or modeled (especially of earth or clay or other soft material)

	 I had read of the potter's clay and wheel in Scripture, but it had never occurred to me that the pots we use were not such as had come down unbroken from those days, or grown on trees like gourds somewhere, and I was pleased to hear that so fictile an art was ever practiced in my neighborhood

internecine - (of conflict) within a group or organization 

	 It was the only battle which I have ever witnessed, the only battle-field I ever trod while the battle was raging; internecine war; the red republicans on the one hand, and the black imperialists on the other
```
